Before coming to ER Diagram
Let us see why have we used mongodb as our database
Mongodb is a nosql database or in a better way to 
describe it is a non-relational database 
that is they have no entities hence they
 don't use tables or columns.
So how is nosql different from Sql database,
nosql can be used to handle big data.
Also it has no predefined schema and 
can also be used to handle unstructured data.
and no nosql has a lot of real time web applications.
So as we have figured out that nosql has no entities or tables 
the Er diagram shown is only used to describe the tables 
and their attributes in our database.
So we have 4 tables (student, recruiter,Post Scholarship 
and Applied Students)
Coming to Student table it has seven attributes
( Student name,education,skills,achievements,student username 
and password)
where the student username forms the primary key of the table.
So when the students signup their data is stored in the student table.
Similarly we have recruiter table having seven attributes
(Recruiter name,Phone number,Designation
 ,organization,Recruiter type that is (direct or external agency)
 ,and Recruiter username and password).
 Recruiter username forms the primary key of this table.
 So if the user is a Recruiter his data is stored in recruiter table.
 third table is post scholarship table having seven attributes
 (Recruiter_id,Scholarship_ID, scholarship name,
 scholarship description
 ,type of scholarship ,location and scholarship requirements)
 here the scholarship_ID forms the primary key of the table.
  here a recruiter has ability to post a scholarship 
  and its corresponding data is stored in the 
  post Scholarship table.
  and last table is the Applied Students table
  it has seven attributes(Student_id, Scholarship_ID, 
  recruiter_id,Scholarship title, Student Name , 
  Student email and Date applied)
  here the (student_id, scholarship_ID and recruiter_id 
  combine to form the primary key of the table).
  So whenever a student applies for a scholarship
  the recruiter can also see all the students profile
  who have applied for a particular Scholarship. 
 
